{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Terms & Conditions\
\
These terms and conditions apply to the Rabbit Counter app (hereby referred to as\
"Application") for mobile devices that was created by Chris Spurlock (hereby referred\
to as "Service Provider") as a Free service.\
\
Upon downloading or utilizing the Application, you are automatically agreeing to the\
following terms. It is strongly advised that you thoroughly read and understand these\
terms prior to using the Application.\
\
## Community Features and Data Sharing\
\
The Application includes community features that display aggregated rabbit sighting\
data contributed by users. By using the Application, you agree that anonymized\
sighting data (including approximate location and time of sightings) may be displayed\
to other users of the Application as part of community map features. Individual user\
identities are never revealed in community views.\
\
## Intellectual Property\
\
Unauthorized copying or modification of the Application, any part of the Application,\
or our trademarks is strictly prohibited. Any attempts to extract the source code of\
the Application, translate the Application into other languages, or create derivative\
versions are not permitted. All trademarks, copyrights, database rights, and other\
intellectual property rights related to the Application remain the property of the\
Service Provider.\
\
## Changes to the Service\
\
The Service Provider is dedicated to ensuring that the Application is as beneficial\
and efficient as possible. As such, they reserve the right to modify the Application\
or charge for their services at any time and for any reason. The Service Provider\
assures you that any charges for the Application or its services will be clearly\
communicated to you.\
\
## Your Responsibilities\
\
The Application stores and processes personal data that you have provided to the\
Service Provider in order to provide the Service. It is your responsibility to\
maintain the security of your phone and access to the Application. The Service\
Provider strongly advises against jailbreaking or rooting your phone, which involves\
removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating\
system of your device. Such actions could expose your phone to malware, viruses,\
and malicious programs, compromise your phone's security features, and may result\
in the Application not functioning correctly or at all.\
\
## Connectivity and Charges\
\
Please be aware that the Service Provider does not assume responsibility for certain\
aspects. Some functions of the Application require an active internet connection,\
which can be Wi-Fi or provided by your mobile network provider. The Service Provider\
cannot be held responsible if the Application does not function at full capacity due\
to lack of access to Wi-Fi or if you have exhausted your data allowance.\
\
If you are using the Application outside of a Wi-Fi area, please be aware that your\
mobile network provider's agreement terms still apply. Consequently, you may incur\
charges from your mobile provider for data usage during the connection to the\
Application, or other third-party charges. By using the Application, you accept\
responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the\
Application outside of your home territory without disabling data roaming. If you\
are not the bill payer for the device on which you are using the Application, they\
assume that you have obtained permission from the bill payer.\
\
Similarly, the Service Provider cannot always assume responsibility for your usage\
of the Application. For instance, it is your responsibility to ensure that your\
device remains charged. If your device runs out of battery and you are unable to\
access the Service, the Service Provider cannot be held responsible.\
\
In terms of the Service Provider's responsibility for your use of the Application,\
it is important to note that while they strive to ensure that it is updated and\
accurate at all times, they do rely on third parties to provide information to them\
so that they can make it available to you. The Service Provider accepts no liability\
for any loss, direct or indirect, that you experience as a result of relying entirely\
on this functionality of the Application.\
\
## Updates and Termination\
\
The Service Provider may wish to update the Application at some point. The Application\
is currently available as per the requirements for the operating system (and for any\
additional systems they decide to extend the availability of the Application to) and\
these requirements may change. You will need to download updates if you want to\
continue using the Application. The Service Provider does not guarantee that it will\
always update the Application so that it is relevant to you and/or compatible with\
the particular operating system version installed on your device. However, you agree\
to always accept updates to the Application when offered to you. The Service Provider\
may also wish to cease providing the Application and may terminate its use at any\
time without providing termination notice to you. Unless they inform you otherwise,\
upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will\
end; (b) you must cease using the Application, and (if necessary) delete it from\
your device.\
\
## Account Deletion\
\
You may delete your account and all associated data at any time from within the\
Application settings. Upon account deletion, all personal data including walk history,\
sighting data, and account information will be permanently removed from our systems\
within 30 days. To request account deletion, use the in-app account settings or\
contact the Service Provider at thefirstzion@gmail.com.\
\
## Changes to These Terms and Conditions\
\
The Service Provider may periodically update their Terms and Conditions. Therefore,\
you are advised to review this page regularly for any changes. The Service Provider\
will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.\
\
These terms and conditions are effective as of 2026-04-08.\
\
## Contact Us\
\
If you have any questions or suggestions about the Terms and Conditions, please do\
not hesitate to contact the Service Provider at thefirstzion@gmail.com.\
\
---\
\
*These Terms and Conditions were generated with assistance from\
[App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)\
and updated for Rabbit Counter.*\
}